Update GBMClient to match different version files (#7148)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/7148.bugfix.rst

> Updated the baseurl of the GBMClient to match on files other than those that end with version 0 (i.e. V0.pha)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated the url of the `~sunpy.net.dataretriever.GBMClient` to match on files other than those that end with version 0 (i.e., V0.pha).
```
I hope that will interlink.
